Update apms-failsafe-function.rst (#4150)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: plane/source/docs/apms-failsafe-function.rst

-  When failsafe is entered, all RC inputs (except throttle in the case of throttle initiated failsafe), are ignored as the autopilot takes its failsafe actions.
-  First, the autopilot will go into short failsafe (:ref:`FS_SHORT_ACTN<FS_SHORT_ACTN>` ),
   when it detects loss of signal for more than :ref:`FS_SHORT_TIMEOUT<FS_SHORT_TIMEOUT>` sec. The default setting for short failsafe is Circle mode.

> -  A message will be displayed on your OSD or Ground Control Station that Failsafe is ON, the flight controller has entered Short Event and the failsafe mode triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  A message will be displayed on your Ground Control Station, or OSD, if its message panel is enabled, that a Short failsafe is active, and the flight controller has taken the :ref` FS_SHORT_ACTN<FS_SHORT_ACTN>`, if enabled.
```

> -  If the RC signal is regained during the short failsafe event, the flight will return to the previous mode, and a message will be displayed that Failsafe is OFF.

Reviewer: Not correct....
```suggestion
-  If the condition causing the short failsafe event is removed while in the short failsafe condition (RC signal loss, corruption, or throttle below the :ref:`THR_FS_VALUE<THR_FS_VALUE>` if :ref:`THR_FAILSAFE<THR_FAILSAFE>` is enabled), the flight will return to the previous mode, and a message will be displayed that Failsafe is OFF.
```

-  If the loss of signal is longer than :ref:`FS_LONG_TIMEOUT<FS_LONG_TIMEOUT>` sec the autopilot will go into long failsafe :ref:`FS_LONG_ACTN<FS_LONG_ACTN>` .
-  The default setting for long failsafe is RTL (Return to Launch).

>  when it detects loss of signal for more than :ref:`FS_SHORT_TIMEOUT<FS_SHORT_TIMEOUT>` sec. The default setting for short failsafe is Circle mode.

Reviewer 2: >The default setting for short failsafe is Circle mode.

i feel this should be moved up into the section discussing short failsafe, instead of in the middle of long failsafe

Reviewer: Since its a bullet explaining the defaults of the above as a topic into itself, I thinks its fine as is

> -  A message will be displayed on your OSD or Ground Control Station that Failsafe is ON, the flight controller has entered Long Event and the failsafe mode triggered.

Reviewer 2: maybe a bit OCD but can you list the OSD or Ground Control Station in same order..its opposite above.

also 

```suggestion
-  A message will be displayed on your OSD or Ground Control Station that Failsafe is ON, the flight controller has entered long failsafe event and the failsafe mode triggered.
```
